---
layout: post
title: >
  Untitled #5
description:
date: 2004-01-19
author: admin
image:
image_caption:
tags:
featured:
---

I've seriously given up on reading that stuff. Whatever happens, it just happens. I'm very sure I'll fail the Economon final because of this. But I really just don't care. I have one thing, and just about one thing only, on my mind. And that thing is non other but Anh. Tuesday is only a few more hours away, but it seems like forever. This whole regret thing. Kevin, the cycle stops now. Well, tomorrow, technically, but Kevin, you know what I mean.

**sighs**

Perhaps I need to sleep. Sleep might do me good, as it'll pass the time. That is, if I can get to sleep. All of these thoughts, it might/will be difficult to. Then I'll end up not being able to, with the same thoughts, not getting to sleep until 4am, then having to wake right back up at 5!

Hopefully I'll do well on the Final Essay. That'll provide some relief/pride/.... But as I said, that's all **wooft** out of my concern. And obviously, it isn't, otherwise I wouldn't be writing about it and thinking about it as I am, but hey. Ill-concern, perhaps.

I miss Jett. I miss Sherman. They were really great dogs. I wonder how they're doing, if still alive. I wouldn't know.

Ohhh gawd! Kevin, you forgot to study Trapp Map! But do you care? Nope! Just wing it like you'd normally do. I'm sure you'll get atleast a 3. And Banister final, pssh. Please! There was no hope of passing that one at all. You also have to work on your science project: that is, you MUST write your paper, then experiment... Like anyone is going to have the time to do that this week, being preoccupied with finals. So this SLACKERDOM of yours has once again set you back. You WILL have to complete this project by the 27th, that includes experimentation that week. This gives you ONE day to distribute and collect these "surveys." If no one solves the puzzles, then that's your result. "Gender plays no role in the ability to decipher cryptic messages, as neither gender was able to decipher ANY message." That would work, right? Of course it would.
