---
layout: post
title: >
  Untitled #1
description:
date: 2004-10-15
author: admin
image:
image_caption:
tags:
featured:
---

I hate floppy disks, and their accompanying drives.

I have not written down any good quotes this week, though I have heard plenty. Believe that.

Fliss explained the United Kingdom and Great Britain to me. The United Kingdom is comprised of England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales. They are all individual countries, just part of a larger union---a sort of "super country." Great Britain is simply a reference to the land, the island itself and by no means is its own political thing. The United Kingdom is commonly referred to as Great Britain---the terms being used interchangeably---which resulted in my confusion. Fliss, I thank thee.

I noticed a recurring theme in the 3 of 4 Dan Brown books that I have read. Every one of them have some guy who holds A LOT of power, who in the end, turns out to be the bad guy. Not only is this guy the bad guy, but he always believes so strongly in his cause and that it was the right thing, and gives some eloquent diatribe trying to convince everyone to see his viewpoint before he dies. Always. And I fell for it again, which frustrates me. I could have figured the outcome, but it was difficult to belive it. I do not know.

I feel as though I have mastered the technique of wading through freshmen---not saying excuse me, et cetera. In my experiences, those polite requests generally are not heard, so why not just drop them?

Some cab driver yelled at me about hitting his car with a volleyball today. I did not hit his car, much less throw the ball to begin with. Jackass.

No pressure. My only homework is in History, Art, and TOK. This feels nice. This past week has been pretty insane. Between testing, papers, and quizzes, I was really looking forward to getting a break. And decent amounts of sleep. Other plans for this weekend include actually planning stuff to do in GSA and reading *Eerie Queerie*, a manga which I now adore. **hearts** Bridgette.

Now I am gonna be a fat, lazy American and go watch some TV.
