---
layout: post
title: >
  Untitled #2
description:
date: 2005-01-02
author: admin
image:
image_caption:
tags:
featured:
---

*This is a recollection of a dream I had many weeks---maybe a month or so---back.*

I was at Metro, hanging out in my usual spot---on the table---when a bunch of people suddenly ran by me. Shawn was one of these people. He was chasing after someone, Jaquetta I think it was, because of the snow boots. Advance in time a few hours. I was told that Shawn had been arrested for robbery. Being me, I was a bit worried, paniced if you will. Next I know, I'm somewhere, I can't quite identify the place. I want to say it was home because my computer was there, but it didn't seem like home. Wherever it was, there was a cop. I guess I asked to see Shawn or something, so he handed me a form requiring indication of consent by a parent or officer. I didn't want my mom to know where I was, so I forged my uncle's DSN. Skeptical, the cop called my mom anyway (I don't know how he got the number). I recall him saying "Maam, he's not in trouble" and go on to explain that it was a friend who was and that I'd like to visit him. A few more words were exchanged, and the conversation was over. The officer told me that we'll depart in about an hour.

To pass time, I got on my computer. A good amount of time passed, so I went to look for the cop who I found asleep in what seemed to be my sister's old bedroom. A short while later, after he awoke, we left. I'm not sure who "we" is though, because whoever I was with, it wasn't the cop. It might have been my mom and sister, considering the crazy, impatient driving.

We drove and drove and eventually made it to the municipal center downtown. I must have looked faint or something, because my sister asked if I was okay. I got out of the car and walked towards the prisoner processing place. I recall thinking of ways in, as I no longer had the ID from my internship. Nevertheless, I kept walking. Then I woke up.
